---
layout: post
title: OOP Week 1
---

__Past week__: This past week my fellow Object Oriented Programming (OOP) students and I got an idea of what Downing has in store for us this semester. The main takeaway I got from these first two classes is that we will be taught more than just a programming language during our time in this class. Downing is very adamant about preparing us for the workforce by not only being good at writing code, but also by being a quality software engineer that is a good asset to any company. We have already delved into some of the key skills of being a software developer in the “real-world”, such as, properly utilizing Github repositories, effectively communicating with other programmers, and becoming familiar with using different platforms such as Docker.  

__What’s in my way__: Right now the most prominent obstacle in my way is my fear of writing. I have never enjoyed writing and I have never been particularly good at conveying ideas/information through written word. 

__What will I do next week__: First off, I will get started on writing this blog post a lot sooner than I did this week. I have not looked ahead on the syllabus for the class at this point, but I am excited to learn more in this class with Downing. I am ready to work hard because I know that this course will be challenging but I think I can have a lot of fun and really grow as programmer.

__Tip-of-the-week__: As worthless as you may think these blog posts are, and no matter how much you do not want to do them: they ARE helpful and will improve your value as a computer scientist. 3 weeks ago I would not have had this piece of advice to give, but 2 weeks and 6 days ago I was actually given the task to write a blog post for my internship. My project manager stressed how important it was to be able to effectively communicate my experiences to others. While I struggled creating that blog post, and I will continue to struggle writing these blog posts, I am excited to have the opportunity to be *forced* to write weekly blog posts (for extra credit).
