---
layout: post
title: Week Nine
---

### Past week
Nothing unusual happened this week, but I had a really good one. I'm really happy to have started my internship with Under Armour back up. It is really forcing me to manage my time wisely and go to bed at reasonable hours. My partner and I finished Project 3 with a reasonable amount of time before it was due. We made our own Allocator class for that project and I asked Downing a question about allocating space in class on Friday which I'm pretty embarrassed about. This past week in class we've been delving further into the 4 methods every object comes with. Downing has showed us what C++ gives us as our default constructors, destructors, assignment operators, and copy constructors. We've looked at what that code looks like, pointed out ineffiency and other flaws that it generates, and then worked with peers to create more reasonable and efficient versions of those methods.

### What’s in my way###
Need to prepare for the week after this. The next OOP project is due 2 days after my algo test.

### What will I do next week###
Next week I will be catching up on a couple of classes I am behind in. I have a couple of chapters to read for my Business Law and Ethics class, material to learn and study for my test in Practical Linear Algebra, and then the homework (as usual) to complete in algo. I will start taking a look at this next project for OOP and finding a partner for it. I look forward to my second week back interning at Under Armour.

### Tip-of-the-week###
I just compeleted a mud run called the Rugged Maniac, a 5k with 25 obstacles interspersed in it. Catching up on sleep is a must, but I recommend everyone to atleast attempt a mud run. I volunteered with a friend and did not have to pay anything for a whole day of activities. We had a blast and got super muddy, while putting our athetlic abilities to the test.
