---
layout: post
title: Week Ten
---

### Past week ###
This past week, I started doing the Darwin project as well as studying for the algo test. Both are just a few days apart, so I made sure to work on both projects so I can do well on them both. Darwin seemed easy at first, but slowly got more and more tricky. Algo was conceptually tough, especially with the dynamic programming problems.

OOP started moving into an efficient view of how to deal with dynamically allocated objects. Since last week was kind of a no-show for OOP, I learned some very interesting stuff today in class actually. The idea of containing the construction and destruction of dynamically allocated objects within the scope of a method allows for much cleaner code.

For example, suppose we create a vector in a method and pass that back by value to a vector object in another method. Since the return is a local object, a copy will be made (that will be O(N) complexity) and when we assign that to our vector object in the other method yet another copy will be made by means of the copy-assignement operator (O(N) as well). However, if we use the same tactic that was used in the constructor for our ghetto version of vector, then we could possibly 'swap' both objects values instead of making multiple copies.

This would require considering the returned object as an R-value (since we could just invoke the copy constructor on the object made in the current method). However, that doesn't solve the problem (since we make yet again a copy), so we would therefore need a constructor that MOVES the vector data into our object. Swap changes the values, but since we do not have anything, we have to make the other vector empty.

Class ended before we could fully flesh out this idea, but this concept is very intriguing in the sense of efficient object creation as well as better design principles. Based on my experiences from 439, dealing with malloc/free is a huge pain!

### What’s in my way ###
I have to finish Darwin right after I take my algo test, but before that I have to prepare for algo. I plan on really understanding the proofs and concepts taught in class by reading both the notes and the textbook. Based on my experiences from the previous test, I feel like my cheat sheet needs to be stronger as well.

### What will I do next week ###
Darwin will be a priority, simply because it is the first real object-oriented programming project we got. It is difficult to fully layout how all of these classes will interact simply because the process of abstraction is hard to nail down perfectly. After the design works, however, I believe that the project will essentially pull itself together (hopefully).

### Tip-of-the-week ###
Under Armour makes the best workout gear!
