---
layout: post
title: Last Week
---

### Past week
This past week went by pretty quickly. We sadly had our very last OOP class, with the test being on Friday. I had a fantastic time in the class and learned so much; I will truly miss doodling in the front of class every MWF while listening to Downing learn us some C++. I feel my skills as computer programmer have improved, and notice myself considering things I have learned in class for other projects (at work).  

This last week in OOP we talked about how static effects methods, and structs: there is only one instance of a static struct a static method can only modify static variables and can be called without an instance of the class/struct. We also discussed unique_ptr and shared_ptr and how they entail different implementations.

### What’s in my way
Like everyone else, finals are in the way of me, winter break, and going back home to the Carolinas to see my family. I also still have to sign up for DCCCD classes over the break to get my government out of the way, which my laziness is in the way of.

### What will I do next week
Next week I will be taking finals, studying for finals, continuing my work at UA, and then celebrating the finishing of the semester. 

### Tip-of-the-week
Tip of the week #1. Troubleshooting 101: Turn it off and on again. 

Tip of the week #2. Take the cass! This is definitely a class worthwhile of taking. You learn the ins and outs of C++, how true object oriented programming is supposed to work, and other skills that are valued in a good programmer. Downing, a true master of C++, genuinely cares about his students and making them not only better at coding, but better assets to a company.

Thanks for a great class! 
