---
layout: post
title: Week Four
---

### Past week
This past week we continued talking about references vs. pointers and the advantages/disadvantages of both. Using one or the other can prevent ambiguity in the code or simple mistakes to be caught by the compiler. Downing had one of his past students who now works at Bloomberg to talk to the class about software engineering in the real world. It was interesting hearing his experiences and comparing them to my interning experience over the summer, because there were many similarites. I also started working on project 2 this week. I have realized that I work way more efficiently in the computer lab than anywhere else, so I am going to start working there alot more. I have a working dummy version, and have plans for adding a more complicated algorithm into the code. Downing always tells us to do the easiest version of something first and then make it more efficient or accurate afterwards. This way there is atleast some kind of working version from the start and you know more about the project.

### What’s in my way
The sheer amount of things I need to get done this week is an obstacle. I have to finish my resume, updating my linkedin account, various homeworks, project 2, study for a test, and make a floor routine for gymnastics. I messed up and did not get a partner for this project. I think it would be alot easier to have two minds working on this than one. But I am making it work regardless. 

### What will I do next week
The big things to do for next week are go to the career fair, finish project 2, and start studying for my practical linear algebra exam. I am really excited for the career fair because I feel I am alot more qualified as a computer scientist now than last semester. 

### Tip-of-the-week
Find a good study spot for yourself. I work better in some places than others, so make sure to work in places that make it easier for you to focus.
